[project-base] strict comparison for categories in Category/panel.html.twig template (#1782)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.0.0-dev.md

- remove unnecessary entity extensions from parameters_common.yml ([#1663](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1663))
    - there is no longer need to register entities in `App` namespace extending entities from `Shopsys` namespace, so remove all necessary uses, see #project-base-diff for example

> - update to strict comparison in order to avoid errors ([#1782](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1782))

Reviewer: What about?
```suggestion
- use strict comparison in category panel template to prevent errors ([#1782](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1782))
```
